The Gentium Plus PS fonts are Type 1 versions of the TrueType Gentium
fonts released by SIL International.  The conversion to Type 1
necessarily introduces changes in the implementation of the shapes and
the metrics.  No changes to the shapes or advance widths have been made
by humans, but a few human-made changes are in the kerning tables for
the regular and italic; see below.

The Gentium Plus PS fonts incorporate the name "Gentium" by permission
of SIL given to the TeX Users Group (TUG).  These fonts are
semi-officially released and maintained under the auspices of TUG.  For
internal development changes, see the file ChangeLog.

Each of the SIL fonts also has its own FONTLOG.txt.  Please consult
these FONTLOGs in their separate font project (Gentium*) subfolders here
for a full record of changes, and for more information on the individual
font projects.

The home page for the Gentium Plus PS fonts and TeX support package:
http://tug.org/gentium


2 July 2013 (TeX development team, see below) Gentium Plus PS version 1.0
- First public release.


Basic information
----------------
The Type 1 regular and italic are derived from Gentium Plus,
while the Type 1 bold and bold italic are derived from Gentium Basic.

There are no intentional changes in the bold and bold italic beyond
those made by the automatic conversion to Type 1.

These are the changes in the regular and italic; we hope they will be
incorporated in the original fonts in due time.

- Some extra kerning pairs were added between accents and capital
  Greek letters.

- The advance width of dcaron and lcaron is much smaller than in the
  original fonts.  This improves the typesetting of Czech and Slovak.

- There are additional kerning pairs for accented Latin letters, the
  Czech/Slovak letters dcaron and lcaron, and for small caps.  The
  original fonts have no such kerning pairs.  Manual corrections are
  still needed in some cases, e.g., initial cap followed by small cap.

- There was a positive kern between the letters D and V in the regular
  style of Gentium Plus.  The derived font has a negative kern.

The conversion process, including these changes, is implemented in the
Python and FontForge scripts included in the packages, e.g., ff-gentium.pe.


Acknowledgements
----------------
(Here is where contributors can be acknowledged. If you make modifications be 
sure to add your name (N), email (E), web-address (W) and description (D). 
This list is sorted by last name in alphabetical order.)

The full acknowledgements for the individual fonts can be found in the
FONTLOGs for each separate font project.

N: Karl Berry
E: karl@freefriends.org
W: http://freefriends.org/~karl
D: Documentation, licensing, distribution, SIL <-> TUG contact, etc.

N: Pavel Farar
E: pavel.farar@centrum.cz
D: Cyrillic support, conversion and generation scripts, etc.

N: Mojca Miklavec
E: mojca.miklavec.lists@gmail.com
D: ConTeXt support, conversion and generation scripts, etc.

N: Clea F. Rees
W: http://cardiff.ac.uk/encap/contactsandpeople/profiles/rees-clea.html
D: Original LaTeX support, documentation, conversion.

N: Thomas A. Schmitz
E: thomas.schmitz@uni-bonn.de
W: http://www.philologie.uni-bonn.de/personal/schmitz
D: Initial version of TeX support files, AGR encoding, ConTeXt support
